1. What is Logging?
Logging is the process of recording information about the execution of a program. 
This information can include details about the program's flow, state changes, errors,
and other significant events. Logs are typically written to a file or another storage medium,
allowing developers and system administrators to review and analyze them later.

2. Why Logging is Important
Logging is important for several reasons:

Debugging: Logs provide detailed insights into what the program was doing at a specific point in time,
which is invaluable for debugging and troubleshooting issues.

Monitoring: Logs help monitor the health and performance of an application. 
By analyzing logs, you can detect and diagnose performance bottlenecks, errors, and other anomalies.

Auditing: Logs can serve as an audit trail, providing a record of activities and changes within the system.
This is crucial for security and compliance purposes.

User Support: When users encounter issues, logs can help support teams understand the problem and provide a solution more quickly.
Maintenance: Logs can be used to maintain and improve the system over time by identifying recurring issues or areas for improvement.

3. Understanding Logging Levels
Logging levels are used to categorize the severity or importance of log messages. Common logging levels include:

DEBUG: Detailed information, typically of interest only when diagnosing problems. Used for debugging purposes during development.

INFO: Confirmation that things are working as expected. Used for general information about the application's operation.

WARN: An indication that something unexpected happened, or indicative of some problem in the near future (e.g., 'disk space low'). 
The application can continue running, but attention is needed.

ERROR: A more serious problem, indicating that the program itself might not be able to perform some function. Used for significant issues that require immediate attention.
FATAL/CRITICAL: Very severe errors that cause premature termination. Used for the most critical issues that require immediate attention.

By using these logging levels appropriately, developers can filter and prioritize log messages based on 
their severity and importance, making it easier to manage and analyze logs.

Example:

import java.util.logging.Level;
import java.util.logging.Logger;

public class MyLoggerExample {

    private static final Logger logger = Logger.getLogger(MyLoggerExample.class.getName());

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        // Set the logger level to ALL to log all levels of messages
        logger.setLevel(Level.ALL);

        logger.info("This is an info message.");
        logger.warning("This is a warning message.");
        logger.severe("This is an error message.");
    }
}

